---
layout: post
title: "VR Mobility for Bandung Planning Gallery"
date: 2018-10-22
description: 
image: /assets/images/placeholder-8.jpg
author: Elian Daiva
tags: 
  - Virtual Reality
  - Unity
  - Interactive Installations
---
<p style="font-size:18px">The VR mobility is one of the interactive installations in Bandung Planning Gallery (BPG). BPG was meant to be a bridge for Bandung's citizen to learn the past and future of their cities. In the future section, the gallery presents blueprints which were planned for Bandung. To brought up the excitement of Bandung visions in the future, it should be relayed in sophisticated ways. It depicted in many techniques, interaction, and platform installed in the gallery: video mapping, touchscreens, virtual reality, augmented reality, even the interior design was Zaha Hadid-esque.</p>

<p style="font-size:18px">The VR mobility installation brings the future of Bandung transportation scene, where rapid mass transportation would cover most of the vital part of the city. It was made based on Bandung City Planning Department's blueprint of transportation, where I, as a game designer and programmer developed a mini track light rapid transit (LRT) experience. It covers full experience of having LRT in Bandung, right from going to the station, pass through the gate, sitting on the LRT, until you off the train and met the one you love. A simple storyline that is trying to embark Bandung's citizen 5 to 10 years from now.</p>

<p style="font-size:18px">The project was commissioned by Bandung City Planning Department under Bandung Planning Gallery Project. The team consisted of: </p>
<ul style="list-style-type:circle; font-size:18px">
  <li>Elian Daiva - Lead Programmer, Game Designer</li>
  <li>Shendi Abdi Maulana (Simulakrum Studio) - Director</li>
  <li>Pawitra Studio - 3D Assets and animation</li>
  <li>Akhmad Mukhamad Arifin - Project Manager</li>
<ul>  
